Add the Security Policy (#20539)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

Ballerina project maintainers take security issues very seriously and all the vulnerability reports are treated with the highest priority and confidentiality.

- [Reporting a vulnerability](#reporting-a-vulnerability)
- [Handling a vulnerability](#handling-a-vulnerability)

## Reporting a vulnerability

> Ensure you are using the latest Ballerina version before you run an automated security scan or perform a penetration test against them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you are using the latest Ballerina version before you test a security issue, run an automated security scan or perform a penetration test.
```

If you have any concerns regarding the security aspects of the source code or any other resource in this repo or have uncovered a security vulnerability, we strongly encourage you to report that to our private and highly confidential security mailing list: **security@ballerina.io** first using the below key without disclosing them in any forums, sites, or other groups - public or private. 

> s0168 DA26 2989 0DB9 4ACD 8367 E683 061E 2F85 C381 pgp.mit.edu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security@ballerina.io: 0168 DA26 2989 0DB9 4ACD 8367 E683 061E 2F85 C381 [pgp.mit.edu](https://pgp.surfnet.nl/pks/lookup?op=vindex&fingerprint=on&search=0xE683061E2F85C381)
```
